v1.38 mobile changelog (#4115)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/mobile-changelog.md

 - **Upgrade to server version v5.25 or later is required.** Support for server [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration/extended-support-release.html) (ESR) 5.19 has ended and upgrading to server ESR v5.25 or later is required. As we innovate and offer newer versions of our mobile apps, we maintain backwards compatibility only with supported server versions. Users who upgrade to the newest mobile apps while being connected to an unsupported server version can be exposed to compatibility issues, which can cause crashes or severe bugs that break core functionality of the app.
 - Android operating system 7+ [is required by Google](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/12/improving-app-security-and-performance.html).
 - iPhone 5s devices and later with iOS 11+ is required.

### Improvements
 - Added gallery user interface improvements.
 - Images now load progressively as the image comes into view-port instead of loading all the images on mount.
 - Mattermost is now resizeable on Android Desktops such as Samsung DeX.
 - "Something went wrong" message block is now vertically centered.

### Bug Fixes

#### All apps
 
#### Android specific

>  - Fixed an issue where redux event was not sent to update the list of Group Mentions when Groups were added or removed in an LDAP Group Synced Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the list of Group Mentions was not updated when Groups were added or removed in an LDAP Group Synced Team.
```
